<h3> Introduction </h3>

My name is Adarsh Jaiswal. I am a first-year undergrad student majoring in computer science.
 I am an open source advocate and I am currently learning DevOps and exploring
Devrel as well. I am also a beginner-level python programmer.

I am also  the founder of the collab community and  I conduct various sessions on my discord 
server as well for newbies on different topics including open source and I also speak in twitter spaces and in-person events.

check out more about me [Here](https://bit.ly/3PTlrke)

<h3>My whole contribution journey to Memphis.dev</h3>

So,  In introduction as I told you that I am currently learning Devops, and while 
going through with microservices, I got to know about message brokers and
that's where Memphis comes ( a Twilio alternative). 

since I was learning python and I saw a repository named memphis.py, I got excited and
started going through the whole code base. Meanwhile, I got connected with one of the contributors of Memphis. her name was vital and she was really kind. she had cleared all my doubts regarding message brokers and also suggested joining the Twitter space in which I got deeper about what Memphis is. 

After that, I joined the Memphis community which was super awesome and helpful, and meanwhile, I got a feature request added in the issues section about adding documentation to PyPi to make its SDK better. 

since I was a beginner-level python programmer, I really got confused about what basically the issue is, and then i asked the maintainers to elaborate on this issue more . And then I quickly got a response from one of the maintainer and she really explained everything in a very simple manner and shared resources too. Then I created a pull request and got it merged. 
I really loved the way the whole Memphis team helped me and supported me in my whole contribution journey . I am looking forward to contributing more such contributions .

At last, they also sent me a cool swag box as I was the part of contributors team.
And I became the part of release team of Memphis v0.3.5.

It was an amazing experience and at last, i have a message for all developers who are newbies or beginners to open source and development that you just need to get involved in the communities, and try to ask good questions, the open source communities are really helpful. They will surely help you. so don't feel sad .
Just start contributing to open source and give a kick start to your carrier.

